Add explanation to buildbots.rst about triggering buildbot on a PR (#1605)
python/devguide: testing/buildbots.rst

complete so they are done periodically. This is why it's important for you to
be able to check the results yourself, too.

Triggering a buildbot on a pull request
=======================================

If you want a pull request tested against a given platform, you can trigger one
or more build bots by posting a comment that begins with:

.. code-block:: none

   !buildbot regex-matching-target

For example to run both the iOS and Android build bot, you can use:

.. code-block:: none

   !buildbot ios|android

> If this worked, bedevere-bot will post a comment indicating which build bots, if
> any, were matched. If none were matched, it will tell you that too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bedevere-bot will post a comment indicating which build bots, if
any, were matched. If none were matched, or you do not have the
necessary permissions to trigger a request, it will tell you that too.
```
IMO it is worth mentioning the permissions case.

complete so they are done periodically. This is why it's important for you to
be able to check the results yourself, too.

Triggering buildbots on a pull request
======================================

To trigger buildbots on a pull request you need to be a CPython triager or a

> core developer. If you are not, ask someone to trigger them on your behalf.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
core team member. If you are not, ask someone to trigger them on your behalf.
```
